[skip ci][dev-client] Update README (#13453)
expo/expo: packages/expo-dev-launcher/README.md

# expo-dev-launcher

> `expo-dev-launcher` is an npm package installable in any Expo or React Native project. Once installed, any Debug builds of your application will gain the ability to load projects from Expo CLI. Release builds of your application will not change other than the addition of a few header files. This package is a part of the [`expo-dev-client`](https://docs.expo.io/clients/introduction/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`expo-dev-launcher` is an npm package installable in any Expo or React Native project. Once installed, any Debug builds of your application will gain the ability to load projects from Expo CLI. Release builds of your application will not change other than the addition of a few header files. This package is intended to be included in your project through [`expo-dev-client`](https://docs.expo.io/clients/introduction/).
```
